These are the only items in Mission EVO:

Item: Hide Helmet has a description of: This simply made armor provide poor defense for head .
Item: Iron Helmet has a description of: This is one effective source of protection , although it provides only mediocre head protection .
Item: Steel Helmet has a description of: This is a very effective armor that provides the wearer with great protection of the head
Item: Riot Helmet has a description of: This is one of the excellent forms of protection, which provides exceptional resistance to hand-to-hand combat and projectiles hitting the head .
Item: Hide Armor has a description of: This simply made armor provide poor defense for body .
Item: Iron Armor has a description of: This is one effective source of protection , although it provides only mediocre body protection .
Item: Steel Armor has a description of: This is a very effective armor that provides the wearer with great protection of the body
Item: Riot Armor has a description of: This is one of the excellent forms of protection, which provides exceptional resistance to hand-to-hand combat and projectiles hitting the body .
Item: Hide Legguards has a description of: This simply made armor provide poor defense for legs .
Item: Iron Legguards has a description of: This is one effective source of protection , although it provides only mediocre legs protection .
Item: Steel Legguards has a description of: This is a very effective armor that provides the wearer with great protection of the legs
Item: Riot Legguards has a description of: This is one of the excellent forms of protection, which provides exceptional resistance to hand-to-hand combat and projectiles hitting the legs .
Item: Bandage has a description of: Use to recover 20 HP
Item: Herbs has a description of: Use to recover 30 HP
Item: Syringe has a description of: Use to recover 70 HP
Item: First Aid Kit has a description of: Use to recover 150 HP
Item: AED has a description of: When you are downed , use this to revive yourself
Item: Water Bag has a description of: Use to collect water from water source. You cant then carry the stored water with you by using the item in your backpack or hotbar
Item: Sleeping Bag has a description of: You can place this anywhere outside you territory to set a respawn spot
Item: Bed has a description of: Beds can be placed within a Main territory to be used as respawn spot
Item: Furnace has a description of: Can be used to turn raw materials into charcoal , niter powder , and iron bars
Item: Steel Furnace has a description of: Can be used to turn Iron bars and steel slag into steel bars. You cant find available steel furnaces scattered in some Civilization ruins throughout the map
Item: Oil Refiner has a description of: Can be use to procces Crude Oil to get fuel. You cant find avaliable Oli fefiners scattered in some Civilization Ruins throughout the map
Item: Campfire has a description of: Can be used in cooking and lighting
Item: Fireplace has a description of: Can be used in cooking and lighting
Item: Steed Storage Box has a description of: 
Item: Wood Storage Box has a description of: Can be used to store a small number of items. You cant put a code lock on it.
Item: Wood Storage Box
Item: Code Vault has a description of: Vault with ember and advanced materials. Found in Larger Civilization ruins. Can be accessed with code through hints in ruins.  
Item: Part Box has a description of: Box with component parts found in civilization ruins. Different kinds (Basic, Normal, Elite) can be found based on civilization ruin dangerousness
Item: Airdrop has a description of: Timed Drops supplied through Airplanes. Can be accessed upon interaction with it. Due to its supply of advanced parts and materials, competition for them are very high. Proceed with caution.
Item: Trigger Vault has a description of: Vault with ember and advanced materials. Found in Larger Civilization ruins. Can be accessed through flipping triggers in ruins.
Item: Planter Box has a description of: Can be use to plan all sorts of seeds and reap what you sow after a white
Item: Misc Box has a description of: 
Item: Medicine Box has a description of: A box with medicines. Can be found on all ruins
Item: Wardrobe has a description of: Can be used to store armor
Item: Ember Chest has a description of: An important facility used to store Embers. Deposit Embers in it to increase the Structure health of you territory structures. Join the Ember leaderboard and ear reward packs
Item: Shelf has a description of: 
Item: Code Lock has a description of: 
Item: Recycler has a description of: Can be used to recycle items and obtain a corresopnding amount of raw material. You can find avaliable recyclers scattered in Civilization Ruins thoughout the map
Item: Vending Machine has a description of: Where there are people , there is business. You cant trade at this machine
Item: Repair Station has a description of: Can be used to repair items and increase their durability. It costs a small number of raw materials 
Item: Food Box has a description of: 
Item: Facility Box has a description of: 
Item: Well has a description of: A sustainde source of water
Item: Wooden Ladder has a description of: Put this vertically next to a structure to climb up. It is necessary when you are attacking another player's territory
Item: Fuel Generator has a description of: Supplies power to appliances in a territory. Runs on fuel
Item: Storage Battery has a description of: Stores surplus power supplied by the generator and is used to power other appliances it the territory 
Item: Shotgun Turret has a description of: An automatic weapon emplacement with considerable firepower. Once connected to a power grid and enabled, it seeks out enemies and fires shotgun shells al then continuously
Item: Rifle Turret has a description of: An automatic weapon emplacement with considerable firepower. Once connected to a power grid and enabled, it seeks out enemies and fires rifle ammo al then continuously
Item: Wooden Barricade has a description of: Has lower durability , deals high damage to enemies in close proximity
Item: Iron Barricade has a description of: Has higher durability , deals hight damage to enemies in close preximity
Item: Claymore Mine has a description of: Explodes and deals AoE damage when a an enemy enters its range
Item: Table has a description of: Can be used for decoractive purposes 
Item: Chair has a description of: Can be used for decoractive purposes 
Item: Wooden Fence has a description of: With lower durability , this somewhat servers a cosmetic purpose
Item: Bear Skin Rug has a description of: Can be used for decoractive purposes
Item: Persian Rug has a description of: Can be used for decoractive purposes 
Item: Bear Head Taxidermy has a description of: You can hagn it one the wall to decorate you room 
Item: Screen Divider has a description of: Can be used for decoractive purposes 
Item: Chandelier has a description of: 
Item: Floor Lamp has a description of: can be used to light up the environment 
Item: Spike Trap has a description of: A basic defensive facility. When enemies step on the spike , they take damage
Item: Square Foundation
Item: Rounded Foundation
Item: Triangle Foundation
Item: Wall
Item:  vm,
Item: Low Wall
Item: Doorframe
Item: Single Door
Item: Double Door
Item: Window Wall
Item: High Sloped Wall
Item: Low Sloped Wall
Item: High Chamfered Wall
Item: Low Chamfered Wall
Item: Rounded Wall
Item: High Wall
Item: High Gate
Item: Square Floor
Item: Rounded Floor
Item: Triangle Floor
Item: Square Roof A
Item: Square Roof B
Item: High Inner Roof Corner
Item: Low Inner Roof Corner
Item: High Outer Roof Corner
Item: Low Outer Roof Corner
Item: Rounded Cone Roof
Item: Low Stairs
Item: U-Shaped Stairs
Item: L-Shaped Stairs
Item: Spiral Stairs
Item: Attic Ladder
Item: Tri. Attic Ladder
Item: 
Item: Scrap
Item: Broken gun body
Item: Crude Oil
Item: Fuse
Item: Gun part
Item: Repair Plate
Item: Car Wheel
Item: Car Frame
Item: Shotgun Body
Item: Smg Body Sniper Body
Item: Rifle Body
Item: Machine Gun Body
Item: Rotary Furance
Item: Fluidized Reactor
Item: Glass Fragment
Item: Ember
Item: Saiga-12 Receiver
Item: MK46 Receiver
Item: Barrett Receiver
Item: AUG Receiver
Item: ARX Receiver
Item: Vector Receiver
Item: Super Pressure Ballon
Item: Defibrillation Paddles 
Item: Optical Lens
Item: Teleporter