Emberland is full of many different types of NPCs. They can be found all over the place.

There are passive NPC animals. They are: Bears, Foxs, Stags, Deer, Horse, Rabbit, Chicken, Boar, Elephant, Lion, Lioness, Cow, Pig. All of these animals drop Meat, Bone, and Hide when killed.
The chicken, additionally drops an egg.
And the horse, is tameable and can be riden with a saddle. The horse allows the player to get around the map efficiently.


The first group of NPCs are classified as Tier 3 NPCs. There are 5 Tier 3 npcs: Red Belly, Puker, Trooper, Nurser, and Normie.
Red Belly is a special Zombified humanoid found in all types of ruins except Port Tackson. They will explode and deal massive damage when someone gets near. Try to steer clear of them. Highly dangerous even for veterans, be advised to kill them first when you see them (Shoot at Sight).
The next, Puker is a special Zombified humanoid found in all types of ruin except Port Tackson. They deal damage to players by spewing acid from a distance. Keep an eye out for their sneak attacks. Highly irritating, be advised to kill them first when you see them (Shoot at Sight).
Trooper is a slightly high level Zombified humanoids found in all types of ruins except Port Tackson. They have high defensive capacities. They are slow due to their heavy armor but one stroke deals a great damage so be careful.
The Nurser is a slightly high level Zombified humanoids found in all types of ruins except Port Tackson. They boast great speed, so make sure to defeat them quickly.
And finally, the Normie, a low level Zombified humanoids found in all types of ruins except Port Tackson. They can be easily defeated, but in a group they can even kill you. Making good use of triggers and traps can make exploration and combat easier. For example, destroying a propane tank will set off a large explosion, dealing damage to nearby zombies.

The second group of NPCs are classified as Tier 2 NPCs. They are Scoper, Dozer, Mob Captain, and Mobber.
Scoper is a Long-range attacking armed villian with snipers to defend yellow vaults. Don't approach them without any armor since they can one-shot you. You should take cover and use long-range weapons (Bows and Arrows, Snippers, etc) to defeat them. Veteran players leave them be since they can warn them from potential competitors while accessing yellow vault.
Dozers is a Armed Villian that can be found in tier II ruins. They normally guard the yellow vaults with thier armoured skin which are made of ruin particals. They also have machine guns for their defence which continuously fire bullet and can make player's body full with holes. You should take cover and use long-range weapons (Bows and Arrows, Snippers, etc) to defeat them.
Mob Captain is a Middle-range attacking armed villians with M4A1 to defend yellow vaults. They can approach the player quickly, so be very careful. By increasing your character level, you can deal more damage to them and reduce the damage you take. You should take cover and use middle-range weapons (PPSH-41, AKM, etc) to defeat them.
Mobber is a Middle range attacking armed villians with MPX to defend yellow vaults. They can approach the player quickly, so be very careful. By increasing your character level, you can deal more damage to them and reduce the damage you take. You should take cover and use middle-range weapons (PPSH-41, AKM, etc) to defeat them.

The next group of NPCs is Tier 1 classification. They are Sicario, Panzer, Zed, Goyle, Elite Scoper, Mammon, Rage Captain, and Rager.
Sicario is Advance middle-range attacking armed villians with AUG to defend red vault. They can approach the player quickly, so be very careful. By increasing your character level, you can deal more damage to them and reduce the damage you take. You should take cover and use middle-range weapons (PPSH-41, AKM, etc) to defeat them. 
Panzer is Armed Villians that can be found in Port Tackson. They normally guard the red vault with thier armoured skin which are made of ruin particals. They also have machine guns for their defence which continuously fire bullet and can make player's body full with holes. You should take cover and use long-range weapons (Bows and Arrows, Snippers, etc) to defeat them. 
Zed is Armed Villians that can be found in Port Tackson. They normally guard the red vault with thier armoured skin which are made of ruin particals. They also have machine guns for their defence which continuously fire bullet and can make player's body full with holes. You should take cover and use long-range weapons (Bows and Arrows, Snippers, etc) to defeat them.
Goyle is Armed Villians that can be found in Port Tackson. They normally guard the red vault with thier armoured skin which are made of ruin particals. They also have machine guns for their defence which continuously fire bullet and can make player's body full with holes. You should take cover and use long-range weapons (Bows and Arrows, Snippers, etc) to defeat them.
Elite Scoper is Advanced Long range attacking armed villians with snipers to defend red vault. Don't approach them without any armor since they can one-shot you. You should take cover and use long-range weapons (Bows and Arrows, Snippers, etc) to defeat them.
Mammon is Advanced Long range attacking armed villians with snipers to defend red vault. Don't approach them without any armor since they can one-shot you. You should take cover and use long-range weapons (Bows and Arrows, Snippers, etc) to defeat them.
Rage Captain is Advance middle-range attacking armed villians with AUG to defend red vault. They can approach the player quickly, so be very careful. By increasing your character level, you can deal more damage to them and reduce the damage you take. You should take cover and use middle-range weapons (PPSH-41, AKM, etc) to defeat them.
Rager is Advance middle-range attacking armed villians with vector to defend red vault. They can approach the player quickly, so be very careful. By increasing your character level, you can deal more damage to them and reduce the damage you take. You should take cover and use middle-range weapons (PPSH-41, AKM, etc) to defeat them.

And finally, we get to the bosses of Emberland. Banshee, Vulture, and Kane.
Banshees move extremely fast (even teleport) and have very high HP. They can shriek to deal massive Damage from a distance. Once defeated, Banshees will drop Embers and numerous supplies. Fight them with caution
Vulture, a genius-caliber talent for invention, can kill you in 4 different ways. He carries 2 different weapons for his defense and has very high HP which also gets healed by itself after when he receives some damage. He has a shotgun which deals great damage at short distance and a killing machine which can fire deadly missiles and rockets at a great distance and which can also function as a flamethrower that penetrates through walls and damages you. Once defeated, he will drop Embers and numerous supplies. Fight them with caution as he has one of the most dangerous weapon in Emberland.
Kane also known as the mad scientist shoots beams of laser which can penetrate through objects and damage you from a distance. He has a very high HP and can also heal itself. He also launches drones which attacks you and distracts from him. Once defeated, he will drop Embers and very rare supplies. Fight with caution as he is one of most powerful bosses in Emberland.

Normies are Low Level Zombified Humanoids found in all types of ruins except Port Tackson, which are tier 1 general type of NPCs. Normie can be easily defeated, but in a group they can even kill you. Making good use of triggers and traps can make exploration and combat easier. For example destroying a propane tank will set off a large explosion, dealing damage to nearby zombies. Normie spawns at level 5 with 80 units of health (1 blood bar). Normie's attack power is about 15 and can approch you quickly once it sense your presence. The experience you gain after killing Normie is 25.

Troopers are Slightly High Level Zombified Humanoids found in all types of ruins except Port Tackson, which are tier 2 elite type of NPCs. Trooper have high defensive capacities and are slow due to their heavy armor but one stroke deals a great damage so be careful. Trooper spawns at level 10 with 250 units of health (1 blood bar). Trooper's attack power is about 40 and can approch you once it sense your presence. The experience you gain after killing Trooper is 100.

Nursers are Slightly High Level Zombified Humanoids found in all types of ruins except Port Tackson, which are tier 2 elite type of NPCs. Nurser boast great speed, so make sure to defeat them quickly. Nurser spawns at level 10 with 150 units of health (1 blood bar). Nurser's attack power is about 30 and can approch you quickly once it sense your presence. The experience you gain after killing Nurser is 100.

Red Bellies are Special Zombified Humanoid found in all types of ruins except Port Tackson, which are tier 2 elite type of NPCs. Red Belly will explode and deal massive damage when someone gets near so try to steer clear of them. Highly dangerous even for veterans, be advised to kill Red Belly first when you see them (Shoot at Sight). Red Belly spawns at level 10 with 80 units of health (1 blood bar). Red Belly's attack power is about 15 and can approch you quickly once it sense your presence. The experience you gain after killing Red Belly is 100.

Pukers are Special Zombified Humanoid found in all types of ruin except Port Tackson, which are tier 2 elite type of NPCs. Puker deals damage to players by spewing acid from a distance, keep an eye out for their sneak attacks. Highly irritating, be advised to kill them first when you see Puker (Shoot at Sight). Puker spawns at level 10 with 120 units of health (1 blood bar). Puker's attack power is about 20 and can approch you once it sense your presence. The experience you gain after killing Puker is 100.

Mobbers are Middle-Range Attacking Armed Villians with MPX to defend yellow vaults, which are tier 1 general type of NPCs. Mobber can approach you very quickly, so be careful. By increasing your character level, you can deal more damage to Mobber and reduce the damage you take. You should take cover and use middle-range weapons (PPSH-41, AKM, etc) to defeat Mobber. Mobber spawns at level 25 with 175 units of health (1 blood bar). Mobber's attack power is about 12. The experience you gain after killing Mobber is 150.

Ragers are Advance Middle-Range Attacking Armed Villians with vector to defend red vault, which are tier 1 general type of NPCs. Rager can approach you very quickly, so be careful. By increasing your character level, you can deal more damage to Rager and reduce the damage you take. You should take cover and use middle-range weapons (PPSH-41, AKM, etc) to defeat Rager. Rager spawns at level 40 with 250 units of health (1 blood bar). Rager's attack power is about 25. The experience you gain after killing Rager is 240.

Mob Captains are Advance Middle-Range Attacking Armed Villians with AUG to defend yellow vaults, which are tier 1 general type of NPCs. They can approach you very quickly, so be careful. By increasing your character level, you can deal more damage to them and reduce the damage you take. You should take cover and use middle-range weapons (PPSH-41, AKM, etc) to defeat them. Mob Captain spawns at level 30 with 250 units of health (1 blood bar). Mob Captain's attack power is about 15. The experience you gain after killing Mob Captain is 210.

Dozers are Armed Villians that can be found in tier II ruins, which are tier 1 general type of NPCs. Dozer normally guard the yellow vaults with thier armoured skin which are made of ruin particals. Dozer also have machine guns for their defence which continuously fire bullet and can make player's body full with holes. You should take cover and use long-range weapons (Bows and Arrows, Snippers, etc) to defeat Dozer. Dozer spawns at level 30 with 500 units of health (1 blood bar). Dozer's attack power is about 15 and reaches you slowly once he sense your presence but still he is highly dangerous due to his machine gun. The experience you gain after killing Dozer is 320.

Scopers are Long-Range Attacking Armed Aillians with snipers to defend yellow vaults, which are tier 1 general type od NPCs. Don't approach Scoper without any armor since they can one-shot you. You should take cover and use long-range weapons (Bows and Arrows, Snippers, etc) to defeat Scoper. Veteran players leave Scoper be since they can warn them from potential competitors while accessing yellow vault. Scoper spawns at level 30 with 175 units of health (1 blood bar). Scoper's attack power is about 45 and can snipe you once it sense your presence. The experience you gain after killing Scoper is 320.

Mammon (Named after a dev) is an Advanced Long-Range Attacking Armed Villians with snipers to defend red vault, which are tier 1 elite type of NPCs. Don't approach Mammon without any armor since they can one-shot you. You should take cover and use long-range weapons (Bows and Arrows, Snippers, etc) to defeat Mammon. Mammmon spawns spawns at level 45 with 250 units of health (1 blood bar). Mammon's attack power is about 100 and can snipe you once it sense your presence. The experience you gain after killing Mammon is 320.

Rage Captains are Advance Middle-Range Attacking Armed Villians with AUG to defend red vault, which are tier 1 general type of NPCs. Rage Captain can approach you very quickly, so be careful. By increasing your character level, you can deal more damage to Rage Captain and reduce the damage you take. You should take cover and use middle-range weapons (PPSH-41, AKM, etc) to defeat Rage Captain. Rage Captain spawns at level 45 with 300 units of health (1 blood bar). Rage Captain's attack power is about 30. The experience you gain after killing Rage Captain is 320.

Elite Scopers are Advanced Long-Range Attacking Armed Villians with snipers to defend red vault, which are tier 1 general type of NPCs. Don't approach Elite Scoper without any armor since they can one-shot you. You should take cover and use long-range weapons (Bows and Arrows, Snippers, etc) to defeat Elite Scoper. Elite Scoper Spawns at level 45 with 250 units of health (1 blood bar). Elite Scoper's attack power is about 55 and can snipe you once it sense your presence. The experience you gain after killing Elite Scoper is 320.

Goyles are Armed Villians that can be found in Port Tackson, which are tier 1 elite type of NPCs . Goyle normally guard the red vault with thier armoured skin which are made of ruin particals. Goyle also have machine guns for their defence which continuously fire bullet and can make player's body full with holes. You should take cover and use long-range weapons (Bows and Arrows, Snippers, etc) to defeat Goyle. Goyle spawns at level 45 with 1000 units of health (1 blood bar). Goyle's attack power is about 30 and reaches you slowly once he sense your presence but still he is highly dangerous due to his machine gun. The experience you gain after killing Goyle is 320.

Zed (Named after a dev) is an Armed Villians that can be found in Port Tackson, which are tier 1 elite type of NPCs. Zed normally guard the red vault with thier armoured skin which are made of ruin particals. Zed also have machine guns for their defence which continuously fire bullet and can make player's body full with holes. You should take cover and use long-range weapons (Bows and Arrows, Snippers, etc) to defeat Zed. Zed spawns at level 45 with 1000 units of health (1 blood bar). Zed's attack power is about 30 and reaches you slowly once he sense your presence but still he is highly dangerous due to his machine gun. The experience you gain after killing Zed is 320.

Panzers are Armed Villians that can be found in Port Tackson, which are tier 1 general type of NPCs. Panzer normally guard the red vault with thier armoured skin which are made of ruin particals. Panzer also have machine guns for their defence which continuously fire bullet and can make player's body full with holes. You should take cover and use long-range weapons (Bows and Arrows, Snippers, etc) to defeat Panzer. Panzer spawns at level 45 with 600 units of health (1 blood bar). Panzer's attack power is about 30 and reaches you slowly once he sense your presence but still he is highly dangerous due to his machine gun. The experience you gain after killing Panzer is 320.

Sicarios are Advance Middle-Range Attacking Armed Villians with AUG to defend red vault, which are tier 1 elite type of NPCs. Sicario can approach the player very quickly, so be very careful. By increasing your character level, you can deal more damage to Sicario and reduce the damage you take. You should take cover and use middle-range weapons (PPSH-41, AKM, etc) to defeat Sicario. Sicario spawns at level 45 with 500 units of health (1 blood bar). Sicario's attack power is about 40. The experience you gain after killing Sicario is 320.
Banshees are tier 3 boss type of NPCs. Banshee move extremely fast (even teleport) and have very high HP. Banshee can shriek to deal massive Damage from a distance. Once defeated, Banshee will drop Embers and numerous supplies, fight them with caution. Banshee spawns at level 15 with 1000 units of health (5 blood bars). Banshee's attack power is about 20 and can approach approach you very fast once it sense your presence. The experince you gain after killing Banshee is 300.

Vultures are tier 2 boss type of NPCs, also known as a genius-caliber talent for invention. Vulture can kill you in 4 different ways. Vulture carries 2 different weapons for its defense and has very high HP which also gets healed by itself after when it receives some damage. Vulture has a shotgun which deals great damage at short distance and a killing machine which can fire deadly missiles and rockets at a great distance and which can also function as a flamethrower that penetrates through walls and damages you. Once defeated, Vulture will drop Embers and numerous supplies, fight them with caution as it has one of the most dangerous weapon in Emberland. Vulture spawns at level 40 with 3000 units of health (5 blood bars). Vulture's attack power is about 1 and can approch you very fast once it sense your presence. The experience you gain after killing Vulture is  900.

Kane is a tier 1 boss type NPCs, also known as the mad scientist. Kane shoots beams of laser which can penetrate through objects and damage you from a distance. Kane has a very high HP and can also heal itself. Kane also launches drones which attacks you and distracts from it. Once defeated, Kane will drop Embers and very rare supplies, fight with caution as it is one of most powerful bosses in Emberland. Kane spawns at level 50 with 5000 units of health power (5 blood bars). Kane's attack power is about 1. The experience you gain after killing kane is 1500.