Emberland is full of many regions. Each region is indicated on the map, and can contain various things.

In Emberland there is a region called Riverbank Retreat and it is A small tourist place located north-west side of the map. Here people would come to the famous hotel, build near the lake, to enjoy the beautiful scenes viewed from it. But unfortunately now the hotel which was never closed is abandoned and instead of people you will find zombies like normies, troopers, nursers, red bellies, pukers and especially Banshee. It is a tier I ruin which contains a green card, yellow card and green vault.

In Emberland there is a region called Nelson's Lumberyard and it is A known place, where timber and other building materials were stored and sold, located south side of the map. It was owned by Nelson (Father of Maynard and Meeker) and was one of the busiest place where many people worked there but now it's just an abandoned yard. You will only find zombies like normies, troopers, nursers, red bellies, pukers and especially Banshee instead of workers and timber scattered on the ground. It is a tier I ruin which contains a green card, yellow card and green vault.

In Emberland there is a region called Red Pine Ranch and it is A large farm located south-west side of the map. It was mainly for breeding and raising of cattle, sheep, or horses. Many animals were kept but now it has none as there was no one left to look after them. You will only find zombies like normies, troopers, nursers, red bellies, pukers and especially Banshee and empty stables. It is a tier I ruin which contains a green card, yellow card and green vault.

In Emberland there is a region called Maynard Loggers and it is A known place, where wood was converted into timber, located west side of the map. These timber were then send to Nelson's Lumberyard in order to sell them. It was owned by Maynard (Brother of Meeker) and was one of the busiest place where many people worked there but now it's just an abandoned place. You will only find zombies like normies, troopers, nursers, red bellies, pukers and especially Banshee instead of workers and timber scattered on the ground. It is a tier I ruin which contains a green card, yellow card and green vault.

In Emberland there is a region called Meekers Mill and it is A known place, where wood was converted into timber, located centre of the map. These timber were then send to Nelson's Lumberyard in order to sell them. It was owned by Meekers (Brother of Maynard) and was one of the busiest place where many people worked there but now it's just an abandoned place. You will only find zombies like normies, troopers, nursers, red bellies, pukers and especially Banshee instead of workers and timber scattered on the ground. It is a tier I ruin which contains a green card, yellow card and green vault.

In Emberland there is a region called Cloudsville and it is A small town located north side of the map. It was a peaceful place where the villagers lived joyfully. Now it has became a miserable place filled with violent zombies like normies, troopers, nursers, red bellies, pukers and especially Banshee. It is a tier I ruin which contains a green card, yellow card and green vault.

In Emberland there is a region called Point Slope and it is A small town, build on a high mountain, located south-east side of the map. Very few families lived there due to very cold temperature and its location. It is very difficult to reach it and is fully covered with snow.Though there were few people living in it now no one is left except zombies like normies, troopers, nursers, red bellies, pukers and especially Banshee. It is a tier I ruin which contains a green card, yellow card and green vault.

In Emberland there is a region called Alpine Mine and it is A small mine in the snow located centre of the map. The place is known to be rich in rocks and minerals. But now it's just an abandoned mine full of stone blocks which were left by the miners in hurry and zombies like normies, troopers, nursers, red bellies, pukers and especially Banshee. It is a tier I ruin which contains a green card, yellow card and green vault.

In Emberland there is a region called Littleton and it is A small civilization build in desert located north-east side of the map. It contains mud houses since the mud walls in these houses keep them cooler inside even in such hot climatic regions and help people live comfortably in hot temperatures. But these houses are now abandoned and you will only find zombies like normies, troopers, nursers, red bellies, pukers and especially Banshee in them. It is a tier I ruin which contains a green card, yellow card and green vault.

In Emberland there is a region called Sandy Plains and it is A small town build in desert located north-east side of the map. It is very close to the sea but the villagers had to walk miles from their house for drinking water. Even though the temperature was very hot out there and there was scarcity of drinking water, people lived there. But now no one is left except zombies like normies, troopers, nursers, red bellies, pukers and especially Banshee in them. It is a tier I ruin which contains a green card, yellow card and green vault.

In Emberland there is a region called River City and it is A densely populated city located north-west side of the map. People would come here from far away to visit the Church. Now it's just an abandoned city with zombies and The Church is taken by the armed villians where yellow vault is located and many loots are stored. It is a tier II ruin so be more caution as you will find two Banshees instead of one and a new boss Vulture ready with his gun.

In Emberland there is a region called Silver City and it is located south-east side of the map.

In Emberland there is a region called Port Harlow and it is A densely populated city located east side of the map.. People would come here from far away to visit the Church. Now it's just an abandoned city with zombies and The Church is taken by the armed villians where yellow vault is located and many loots are stored. It is a tier II ruin so be more caution as you will find two Banshees instead of one and a new boss Vulture ready with his gun.

In Emberland there is a region called Mt. Bedford and it is A densely populated city located south-east side of the map.. People would come here from far away to visit the Church. Now it's just an abandoned city with zombies and The Church is taken by the armed villians where yellow vault is located and many loots are stored. It is a tier II ruin so be more caution as you will find two Banshees instead of one and a new boss Vulture ready with his gun.

In Emberland there is a region called Cape Hattersborne and it is located north side of the map.

In Emberland there is a region called Port Tackson and it is a red vault